Remember that 3 AM crash?
Here is exactly what went wrong with Mechanism 3: Read-Committed Consumer.
Quick reminder, try 1.five times speed if you haven't already Quick reminder, try 1.five times speed if you haven't already.
I saved the best insight for right here,  Here's the equivalent Java implementation.
Here's a TransactionalConsumer class in java that handles data serialization.
The TransactionalConsumer method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.clients.consumer.* module.
Now we define the main method that takes String[].
Here we insert the key-value pair into our map.
At this point, we insert the key-value pair into our map.
This is where we handle the ConsumerRecords<String, String operation.
we call consumer.commitSync() to process our data.